Hi.
Hi, Ryota, what’s wrong?
Do you have a minute?
I’m going to make a video to introduce my lab.
So, I was wondering if you could help me.
Sure, okay!
Of course, I’ll also help you.
Thank you very much. That helps.
How is it going right now?
We’ve just begun editing.
I’ve taken a video of the work being done by my colleagues
in the lab.
This is it...
Programming?
Huh, stop for a second. Ryota, is this scene, okay?
Which one?
Here it is.
Huh? You mean this poster? Ah, I see!
Yes, characters are used in the poster, right?
Ah, I was not aware of that! That character is copyrighted!
That was so careless... Aoi, you noticed that well.
Really. You are usually quite ditzy.
Excuse me! This is the way I’m supposed to be!
Okay. Okay. So, how do you get this character in the video?
Huh? Well, I don’t know about that.
Yeah, that’s just like the normal Aoi.
It’s no laughing matter! I don’t know what to do with this.
It might be better to take a new video.